{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\slmult1\qc{{\fs24 Works Cited}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Brief Information about the Oracle Data Guard.\uc0\u8221  {\i Talip Hakan Ozturk\uc0\u8217 s ORACLE BLOG}, Talip Hakan Ozturk\uc0\u8217 s ORACLE BLOG, 16 June 2011, taliphakanozturken.wordpress.com/2011/06/16/brief-information-about-the-oracle-data-guard/. Accessed 3 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Data Guard Broker Architecture Oracle 10g Data Guard.\uc0\u8221  {\i Rampant-Books.com}, 2017, www.rampant-books.com/art_kumar_dg_broker_architiecture.htm. Accessed 4 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Duplicating Databases.\uc0\u8221  {\i Oracle Help Center}, Backup and Recovery User\uc0\u8217 s Guide, 2019, docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/bradv/rman-duplicating-databases.html#GUID-CAC32870-C67F-465F-9449-EC87AC95BF95. Accessed 20 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Gi\uc0\u7899 i Thi\uc0\u7879 u | SHBFinance.\uc0\u8221  {\i Shbfinance.com.vn}, 2024, www.shbfinance.com.vn/ve-chung-toi/gioi-thieu-chung. Accessed 23 Mar. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Guide to Oracle Data Guard Fast-Start Failover.\uc0\u8221  {\i Oracle.com}, 2019, www.oracle.com/technical-resources/articles/smiley-fsfo.html. Accessed 24 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Li, Tim. \uc0\u8220 Reliable Business Continuity at an Entry-Level Price | Buffalo Americas.\uc0\u8221  {\i Buffalotech.com}, 2024, www.buffalotech.com/resources/reliable-business-continuity-at-an-entry-level-price-jm. Accessed 5 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Nguy\uc0\u7877 n Nh\uc0\u7853 t Vy. \uc0\u8220 H\uc0\u7879  Th\uc0\u7889 ng X\uc0\u7871 p H\uc0\u7841 ng T\uc0\u237 n D\uc0\u7909 ng N\uc0\u7897 i B\uc0\u7897  C\uc0\u7911 a T\uc0\u7893  Ch\uc0\u7913 c T\uc0\u237 n D\uc0\u7909 ng Phi Ng\uc0\u226 n H\uc0\u224 ng L\uc0\u224  H\uc0\u7879  Th\uc0\u7889 ng G\uc0\u7891 m Nh\uc0\u7919 ng G\uc0\u236 ? H\uc0\u7879  Th\uc0\u7889 ng N\uc0\u224 y \uc0\u272 \uc0\u432 \uc0\u7907 c X\uc0\u226 y D\uc0\u7921 ng D\uc0\u7921 a Tr\uc0\u234 n Nh\uc0\u7919 ng Nguy\uc0\u234 n T\uc0\u7855 c N\uc0\u224 o?\uc0\u8221  {\i Thuvienphapluat.vn}, ThuVienPhapLuat.vn, 2 Oct. 2022, thuvienphapluat.vn/phap-luat/he-thong-xep-hang-tin-dung-noi-bo-cua-to-chuc-tin-dung-phi-ngan-hang-la-he-thong-gom-nhung-gi-he-th-901385-40740.html. Accessed 24 Mar. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Onur ARDAHANLI. \uc0\u8220 Automatic GAP Resolution.\uc0\u8221  {\i Database Tutorials}, Database Tutorials, 8 Jan. 2020, dbtut.com/index.php/2020/01/08/automatic-gap-resolution/. Accessed 4 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Oracle Data Guard Best Practices.\uc0\u8221  {\i Oracle Help Center}, High Availability Overview and Best Practices, 2019, docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/haovw/oracle-data-guard-best-practices.html#GUID-C3A78B07-6584-4380-8D53-E5B831A5894C. Accessed 24 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Oracle Dataguard Architecture & Background Processes.\uc0\u8221  {\i Doyensys Blog}, 20 Feb. 2020, doyensys.com/blogs/oracle-dataguard-architecture-background-processes/. Accessed 4 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Stryker, Cole. \uc0\u8220 MTTR vs. MTBF: What\uc0\u8217 s the Difference?\uc0\u8221  {\i IBM Blog}, Security Intelligence, 12 May 2023, www.ibm.com/blog/mttr-vs-mtbf/. Accessed 1 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 View more posts. \uc0\u8220 Oracle Dataguard (DG) and Role of Standby Redo Logs (SRL) in Oracle Dataguard.\uc0\u8221  {\i TekDBA}, TekDBA, 15 Aug. 2019, tekdba.wordpress.com/2019/08/15/oracle-dataguard-dg-and-role-of-standby-redo-logs-srl-in-oracle-dataguard/. Accessed 3 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 What You Need to Know about Lost Writes.\uc0\u8221  {\i Dbvisit.com}, 2021, dbvisit.com/blog/what-you-need-know-about-lost-writes#:~:text=What%20is%20a%20Lost%20Write,point%20(flushing%20dirty%20blocks). Accessed 24 Apr. 2024.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Yu, Ping, et al. {\i The Application of Oracle Data Guard in the Logistics Distribution Management Platform}. 1 Dec. 2011, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1109/iccsnt.2011.6182094"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1109/iccsnt.2011.6182094}}. Accessed 1 Apr. 2024.\par}}
}
